Cultivating Barts...
Making Homer lose it...
Removing Duff from the fridge...
Giving the couch a mouth...
Destroying any semblance of Maggie...
Removing walls and ceiling...
Replacing batteries...
Taking Flanders to church...
Adding "technically meat" to the Krusty burger...
Making the wrong decision in the trolly problem...
Teaching Lisa Spanish...
Teaching everyone German...
Discussing the economic state of the world right now...
Updating Windows...
Scrolling through tiktok...
Finding my damn keys...
Entering the 3 funny numbers on the back of my card...
Testing my typing speed for the sixth time today...
Waking up Homer...
Putting Homer to sleep...
Waking up Sleepy Joe...
Talking to Dark Brandon...
Asking if you'd still love me if i was a worm...
Encasing the snail in cement...
Spinning in my chair...
Taking the dog to the farm...
Investing in rare fish...
Talking to seductive uncles...
Opening all my windows...
The fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming the fog is coming 
Remoivng the worms from under my skin...